## MLS Area Data

The data used in all Reports and Graphs is derived from the client's MLS Data imported for User's company (Tenant). A Tenant's MLS Data is updated at least once a day but may be updated more frequently in some markets. MLS Data imported is evaluated during the import using a set of validation rules. Any MLS Data record not meeting the import validation rules is placed in a "Questionable" status and can be edited by an Administrator. Once an edit is made to a Questionable Sale (import record), the edit is applied in each subsequent data import except for the Days on Market, which is updated from the MLS data for the edited record's Listing ID.

The data used in all Reports and Graphs is derived from the client's MLS Data imported for the user's company (Tenant). A Tenant's MLS Data is updated at least once a day, but may be updated more frequently in some markets. MLS Data imported is evaluated during the import using a set of validation rules. Any MLS Data record that does not meet the import validation rules is set to "Questionable" status and can be edited by an Administrator. Once an edit is made to a Questionable Sale (import record), the edit is applied in each subsequent data import except for the Days on Market, which is updated from the MLS data for the edited record's Listing ID.

The MLS Areas (Neighborhood boundaries) for a Tenant are defined based on data provided by the Tenant's MLS provider. Additionally, when a Listing is loaded, its latitude and longitude are used to place the Listing Map pins. If latitude and longitude are not present, a geocode lookup is performed on the address to derive the pins' geolocation values.

The Neighborhood Area geofence boundaries are mapped and created before the first data import for a Tenant and are then maintained using the Area View available to the Administrator Role. New Areas and Area updates are handled by the application developers in response to requests from Administrators or Users.

Areas and Area Groups - An individual Area is determined by how your MLS Provider segments geographic boundaries within a Real Estate location. REDAGraph provides a method for creating groups of Areas for use in some neighborhood-level reports and refers to these Area collections as Area Groups. Only Admins can create Area Groups.
